hi I'm Austin McGuire and today
we are doing a leg and butt
shaper with me today we have
ashley and Cara
you don't need anything at home
but yourself find some space and
I hope you're ready to get those
glutes and legs looking good
we're gonna begin chair pose for
your feet together ship the way
back into your heels for your
hands that prayer position and
just take it down low
all we're doing is pulsing
weights and the heels chest is
up and I always like to make
sure I can wiggle my toes here
that way I'm not shifting
forward the needs are going over
the toes and I think about them
you got a hundred-dollar between
your legs you don't want to let
it go
right so squeeze everything
glutes are starting to warm up
you start feeling that your body
is getting heated which is great
the heat causes changed here for
five more seconds we're going to
step out
same low side squat ladies you
ready chalo here we go
step it out side pull it back in
again
I can make sure that I'm moving
my toes here waits in the yield
and already I'm feeling my quads
fired up
so this means 10 minutes you are
going to look good at the end of
it
keep it up keep it up anything
back there
I'm the only one 15 more seconds
good so I like to keep moving if
you need to take breaks at home
feel free but the more you move
the more you burn better you
look
go four more here
32 awesome try not to stand up
on this leg just shift your
weight
we're gonna go right into a kick
here flick kick
so if you're going to take your
foot out to the side like it tap
it down like a good and tap get
a little extra credit in the
oblique perfect land lightly so
keeping that bend your standing
leg standing like it's working
out or thighs are warming up as
a looking good
perfect for more three two we're
going to hold an hour go right
into a jump spot right here to
get up and down
we're only here for 15 seconds
heart rates up land lightly
good five more seconds four
three two go right back to
starting position
whoa
get that Kathy shift back again
catch your breath how we feel it
I had a feeling you weren't low
enough get a little bit lower
good abs and shift back
breathe relax your shoulders not
so bad
your button like good 10 more
seconds
deep breath myself good
54 now remember we're marrying
it so we're just going to step
out
opposite leg let's do it out and
in
good i think she keeps coming up
you can get lower they're good
guys
it burns if it were easy we
won't have to do it
you just sit there and watch TV
right what we want to be healthy
I want to look good means we got
to put in the work
10 more seconds to move right
into that flick kick in five
four three remember try to stay
low - and let's go ship onto
that leg fat tail good lick it
and down get into it may be
starting to feel like you want
to do this to you for making me
do this exercise whatever gets
you through the day
glad we have 15 more seconds
so good we got that little
cardio burst coming up
ten seconds we'll keep breathin
get ready three
- we got to get that burn one
right into squat jump here we go
just 15 nice
ten nine land lightly keep
breathin five seconds we go
right into curtsy lunges
3 2 1 hands on those hips that
like behind step
keep your hips facing forward
the bigger step you take back
the more you'll be working those
glutes
I love the curtsy you get
everything in our outer i love
it
we can dance it out a little bit
good how are you feeling
go check on you check your form
I'd look good
so that's how much for taking a
step behind each leg keeping
your shoulders still facing
forward hips and breathe it's so
important to breathe again you
can always take that step of
water break when you need and
the more you work the more you
burn
you have 10 more seconds coming
up we have another little cardio
burst here just praise yourself
it's not going to be so bad and
finish it get take your toes out
slightly tuck your tailbone
there you go first the second
find your inner ballerina so
here we go
take it out and take it in and
in good nice and light
abs and starting to let sweat i
know i am starting to beat up on
my nose
keep gallon we're going to get
this heart rate up in 15 seconds
coming down on the floor ladies
you ready
you can do it means we're
nearing the end giving five four
three two
awesome deep breath come on down
to all floors right here
we're going to go into the outer
thigh we're gonna go for a
hydrant
bring your hands right
underneath your shoulders as
pulling type going to look at me
up
and right back down and out and
down
good so they look great back
here you really want think
you're meeting up with me your
ankle will follow you feel that
right in here
some people might refer to it as
a saddlebag I called a little
extra love will try to shrink it
keep lifting lower back down
good we're here you got 20 more
seconds another key here is when
we get tired you start shifting
bring it back
so like this lifted the more
weight on that hand as well
going to feel it more again when
you start feeling that you start
getting change
oh we have 10 more seconds get
five more awesome three were
going to hold it up to
and just like we did with the
standing you're gonna flick it
will it in the back down lift up
give it a flick and back down
that's perfect
squeeze so it's great right we
get that lift we get a little
more work out of it extension
put in down right here again
your abs are pulled in type
always working those ABS no
matter what movie you're doing
me three more
we're almost done with this side
give me one more you're going to
hold it down right there take a
deep breath
rainbow go up and over sweet
up and over squeeze good
you're naturally going to open
up that hip a little bit but try
to keep it down
try to get your leg up and
around as much as possible
squeeze your glutes both
direction
up and squeeze getting up
squeeze guys are great
that's it that's the only thing
we're doing for this side any
five more seconds here
wow good and one more awesome
take a deep breath
prepare yourself because we got
to the other side and then it's
done
so day a breath who let's go
starting with that hydrant lift
pick it up
lower back to camp get up and
down
awesome guys - what do you feel
do you feel like you're ready
work to sign a little bit a
little bit right
I mean we did warm up the body
with everything we just standing
there when you drop down on the
floor you do feel like that's
why it's already been worked it
was supporting yourself while
you're working the other leg
totally natural as you get
stronger I'll go away a little
bit just a little
you'll still feel it here we go
who and more seconds
awesome good watch that next
make sure it's still in line
with your spine
give me 32 now we're going to
hold it up
given that flick flick it and it
back to starting lift
click and back what you guys are
doing great again remember let's
shift more on to that hand with
the like lifted
good I feel like she's shaking a
little back there which is great
your muscle starts shaking sweat
starts coming down
you are doing the work that it's
gonna make you feel and look
your best to keep it up it's all
worth it
go two more ah yes
now one more hold it out right
there tap it down last it will
lift
and over get that full rainbow
you're just here for a minute
guys
you can do anything for 60
seconds even when it burns who
I'm gonna need at all probably a
shower
go ahead and I know I look it up
again right that's not all about
you stay with me a little bit
more lift and squeeze
are we feeling worth it ok good
it's all about confidence it's
all about knowing the work you
put in
it's gonna make you look right
at the end of day and that was
what makes you look strong when
you walk in the door
well here we go last 15 seconds
I'm dripping in sweat and i hope
you are too at home
ok guys let's get one more in
here finish it out strong
so great get up on your feet
take a deep breath thanks for
working hard today I hope your
button like real shape
thank you see you soon hi I'm
Austin McGuire and I'm Danielle
pesenti your 30-day fat-burn
trainer
we are here to tell you about
the 30-day fat burn system and
why it's so incredibly effective
30-day pattern is a unique high
intensity cardio program it
torches calories and tones
muscles with a mix of cardio and
strength training -
you're going to get a full body
workout that sheds accounts
while also toning and sculpting
your body all over this program
consists of ten workouts each 10
minutes long
that are designed burn fat shed
pounds all while simultaneously
toning the ads are side legs and
back to be building a lean and
sexy body
in this program we will be
jogging running and sprinting to
increase endurance and shed
pounds performing different
Texas squats and lunges to build
your lower body strength and
shape your buns and legs push
ups dips and try supposed to
sculpt and tone your upper body
side planks crunches and leg
lifts to create a strong to find
this section unique plyometric
exercises such as he jumps and
mountain climbers to increase
your agility and stamina
we will show you step-by-step
how to do each move to achieve
correct form and get the best
results out of each exercise and
for best results follow the
30-day fat burn it is calendar
this calendar will show you
exactly which work out do each
day
now are you ready to get into
great shape let's go